Update window function docs (#17694)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/expressions-pushed-down.md

TiFlash also supports pushdown for the functions and operators [listed on this page](/tiflash/tiflash-supported-pushdown-calculations.md).

> **Note**:
>

> > The Aggregate functions don't support pushdown when used as [`window function`](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Aggregate functions do not support pushdown when used as [`window functions`](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md).
```

> > **Note**:
> >
> > The Aggregate functions don't support pushdown when used as [`window function`](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> The Aggregate functions do not support pushdown when used as [`window function`](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md).
```
